Document configmap section for remote-hosts (#209)
containerbuildsystem/osbs-docs: docs/admins.rst

Server-side Configuration for atomic-reactor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

OSBS builds container images using podman-remote on remote VMs (hosts).
OSBS needs only ssh key and hostname to connect to remote host and
execute podman.

> Remote host configuration example::

Author: Changed, please take a look

  ---
  remote_hosts:
    slots_dir: path/foo
    pools:
      x86_64:
        osbs-remote-hosts-1-x86_64:
          enabled: true
          auth: /secret-path
          username: podman-user
          slots: 1

>           socket_path: /run/user/9999/podman-user/podman.sock

Reviewer: might as well use the upstream default
```suggestion
          socket_path: /run/user/2022/podman/podman.sock
```

.. _config.yaml-clusters:

remote_hosts
''''''''''''

> This section provides a shared path to the slots directory.
> The slots directory holds files with information about currently built
> images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides a shared path to the slots directory.
The slots directory holds files with information about ongoing
builds.
```
